
Short version: 'make' builds and installs the dependencies for Hyrax

--------------------------------------------------------------------

To build the dependencies for the BES handlers used
with Hyrax, run 'make' in this directory. The Makefile requires that
the environment variable 'prefix' has been set. It should point to the
directory where you are installing Hyrax. The Makefile will compile,
test and install all of the dependencies in $prefix/deps.

Other targets in the Makefile besides 'all:'

for-static-rpm: Use this to build only static versions of the
libraries. This is used to build RPM packages for Hyrax that use
statically linked dependency libraries.

for-travis: This build the dependencies for a CI build on Travis
(which uses Ubuntu 14 as of 11/30/17).

clean: run clean in all the src dirs

really-clean: remove the src dirs and start over expandin the
dependencies' source distributions.

uninstall: Remove all the stuff from $prefix/deps

dist: Make a tar ball distribution.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

To use these dependecies with the complete BES build, use the
--with-dependencies= option with its configure script like this:

       ./configure [other options] --with-depdendencies=$prefix/deps

Note that most people who build Hyrax from source will want to set the
prefix to a specific directory, so that option would be included as
well (--prefix=$prefix), and the PATH environment variable should
nominally include $prefix/bin and $prefix/deps/bin.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Notes

STARE 0.16.3 Added. I also sped up the build and added a GitHub
Actions workflow.

bzip2 is needed for this to work. But, if you're building Hyrax, get
bzip2-devel since that will be needed later on.

Builing the static libs and Hyrax takes more space than an AWS EC2's
default disk size of 8GB. 

GDAL and OpenJPEG libraires updated to 2.1.1 (each, coincidentally,
has the same version number). jhrg 8.24.16

I have updated a number of the libraries. jhrg 6/3/16

I modified the Makefile so that the dependency libraries, etc., are 
installed in $prefix/deps and not $prefix/deps/<package>-<version> so
that the module build can be told to look in one place and/or the system
default locations. 11/11/14

The Gridfields library SVN repo is at
https://gridfields.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/clib. Do not use the code
in our SVN repo. jhrg 3/28/14

Note: I started a Makefile - just a plain Makefile, not automake - and
have checked it in. It's not complete, but shows another way to build
these dependent/third-party packages. jhrg 11/6/12
